== array_fill ==

Returns an array filled with the specified value. If no array
is provided, an empty array is created. If no value is
provided, 0 is used as the value to fill the array with. If no
start index is provided, the array is filled from the end.

=== Parameters ===

* '''arr''' (mixed*): The array to fill.
* '''value''' (mixed): The value to fill the array with.
* '''start_index''' (int, ''optional''): The index at which to start filling the array.

=== Returns ===

* '''mixed''': The filled array.

== array_merge ==

Merges two arrays into a single array.

=== Parameters ===

* '''arr1''' (mixed[]): The first array to merge.
* '''arr2''' (mixed[]): The second array to merge.

=== Returns ===

* '''mixed[]''': A new array with elements from both input arrays.

== array_pad ==

Returns a new array of the specified size, filled with the
specified value. If the array is larger than the specified size,
the array is truncated to the specified size.

=== Parameters ===

* '''arr''' (mixed*): The array to pad.
* '''size''' (int): The size of the array to create.
* '''value''' (mixed): The value to fill the array with.
* '''beginning''' (int, ''optional''): Whether to fill the array from the beginning.

=== Returns ===

* '''mixed''': The padded array.

== array_slice ==

Returns a new array containing the elements of the input array
from the start index to the end index. If the end index is
negative, it will start from the end of the array.

=== Parameters ===

* '''arr''' (mixed[]): The array to slice.
* '''start''' (int): The starting index of the slice.
* '''end''' (int): The ending index of the slice.

=== Returns ===

* '''mixed[]''': A new array with the specified elements.

== distinct_array ==

Returns a new array containing the distinct elements of the input
array.

=== Parameters ===

* '''arr''' (mixed[]): An array of mixed types.

=== Returns ===

* '''mixed[]''': A new array with distinct elements from the input array.

== pop ==

Removes and returns the last element of the array.

=== Parameters ===

* '''arr''' (mixed[]): The array from which to pop an element.

=== Returns ===

* '''mixed''': The last element of the array.

== push ==

Adds a new element to the end of the array and returns the new
size of the array.

=== Parameters ===

* '''arr''' (mixed[]): The array to which to push an element.
* '''value''' (mixed): The element to push onto the array.

=== Returns ===

* '''int''': The new size of the array.

== remove_array_element ==

Returns a new array containing the elements of the input array
from index 0 to start-1, and from end+1 to the end of the input
array. If start is greater than end, the new array will contain
all the elements of the input array.

=== Parameters ===

* '''arr''' (mixed[]): The input array.
* '''start''' (int): The starting index of elements to be removed.
* '''end''' (int): The ending index of elements to be removed. Defaults to start if not specified.

=== Returns ===

* '''mixed[]''': A new array with specified elements removed.

== reverse_array ==

Returns a new array with the elements of the input array in
reverse order.

=== Parameters ===

* '''arr''' (mixed[]): The input array.

=== Returns ===

* '''mixed[]''': A new array with elements in reverse order.

== shift ==

Removes and returns the first element of the array.

=== Parameters ===

* '''arr''' (mixed[]): The array from which to shift an element.

=== Returns ===

* '''mixed''': The first element of the array.

== splice ==

Modifies the content of an array by removing existing elements
and/or adding new elements. Returns a new array with the
modifications.

=== Parameters ===

* '''arr''' (mixed[]): The array from which elements will be removed and to which new elements may be added.
* '''start''' (int): The zero-based index at which to start changing the array. If negative, it will begin that many elements from the end.
* '''delete_count''' (int): The number of elements to remove from the array, starting from the index specified by start. If delete_count is 0, no elements are removed.
* '''items_to_add''' (mixed[]): An array of elements to add to the array at the start index. Can be omitted or passed as null if no elements are to be added.

=== Returns ===

* '''mixed[]''': A new array reflecting the desired modifications.

== uniform_array ==

Checks if all elements in the input array are of the specified
type. If the array is of size 0, it is considered uniform.

=== Parameters ===

* '''type''' (string): The type to check for.
* '''arr''' (mixed*): The array to check.

=== Returns ===

* '''int''': Returns 1 if all elements are of the specified type, 0
otherwise.

== unshift ==

Adds a new element to the beginning of the array and returns
the new size of the array.

=== Parameters ===

* '''arr''' (mixed[]): The array to which to unshift an element.
* '''value''' (mixed): The element to unshift onto the array.

=== Returns ===

* '''int''': The new size of the array.